So we are here for the detailed design meeting. I will first present what we are going to do in this meeting. I will also take notes during this meeting. and I will send you a summary then as usual. We will then look at the evaluation criteria of the prototype presented by our two colleagues. And then we will see the financial aspects and the cost of the product. Then we will evaluate the product. And end with the conclusion of this project and see whether it fits with it fulf if it fulfil the requirement or not. let's start with the cost aspect. I look at the aspect discussed last time,. that is to say to have a standard battery,. to have a yellow banana shaped case with a rubber material around it. to feel spongy,. and also at the different aspect like having a wheel etcetera. And the cost ended to be ten point seven Euros. which is good,. because we had a price gap of twelve point five Euros. for the financial aspect it's okay,. we can we can continue with this product as if,. and we are now going to see the project evaluation with our marketing expert.
I made an evaluation. and the the evaluation criteria is made according to the users' requirements and the market trends we talked about during the previous meetings. we have six points. we we want to have a product fancy look and feel, technologically innovative, easy to use, fashion, easy to find in a room, and robust,. I have a scale of seven points. I go through all the all the points here,. and according to what you think about the this project you can make a one point, two point or seven point. And after we ha we have an an average, and we see. fancy look and feel, what do you think? between one and seven.
So I think it's very very nice.
I give it a I give it a five.
It's between one and seven? Seven is the highest?
Seven is the
I will give a six.
I will give a a five.
Maybe we all have to agree on a common
I don't know if you we ha we have to put one If it's better or
We can choose what we want. let's say that seven is the best. do note the grade we have five, six for me,. How much would you give on the fancy aspect, on the fashionable aspect?
I think six, it's a good
So it will have five point five average.
After, the technological aspect? we we said we have a new technological thing with a wheel.
We also have the rubber material,. I think I would give a five.
A four also,. because, except for the wheel, we don't have so much innovation.
Are we including the voice in the end or not? Huh?
Yeah, four. Four, yeah, let's put four.
Very easy to use. Do you think it's easy to use?
I give a seven, I think.
Six for me also.
Six point five.
Is it fashion?
Its its its fruit fruit shape. I would say seven.
Yeah it's fashion,
We can we can put a seven here.
Easy to find.
I think you can't miss it.
I think it's cool.
We have the lightning,
So you'll make the material transparent. so that it lights up completely,
I would say seven.
Is it is it robust?
It's rubber, made of rubber,
The only problem there might be which know, i if it's very sensitive,
But it is it is surrounded by rubber material. So maybe we can put a six.
Everybody is okay, six.
We have to sum up everything. Six is a good
If we say that seven it's it's the better,. and when six sit six are good it's a good product, I think.
So it's a good evaluation, I think.
We have a good price
So this prototype is quite nice. So having this at twenty five Euros is quite attractive, I think. we have seen the prototype. It's very nice according to the work of our two designer. The the the financial aspect were okay. We we have the cost below our threshold. and so we could sell at twenty five Euros. and make i make profit. The the evaluation give satisfying result as well. the cost is in the budget,. the evaluation is okay,. so I th I think we can now open champagne
Congratulations to the team. very well, we worked together fantastically.
I think it was a good collaboration.